hi this is my Callaghan doctor file
finder and welcome back to our special
butterscotch Arkham series on routers
201 intermediate studies in this segment
we're going to look at blocking websites
from within your router now the login
information from nearly all routers is
the same use the same IP address of
192.168.1.1 most use a login with the
username of admin and a password of
password put this information in the
show notes if your router differs it
will show you in the documentation for
the purpose of this tutorial series
we're using a Netgear model wnr 1000 v2
it's a wireless n 150 router your router
may be different may be a different
brand but you see that once you've
logged into your router in the net gear
router the options are down here on the
side and some other routers there across
the top but for the most part most
routers have similar options in similar
settings so over here we'll click on
block sites now you see keyword blocking
default is never you can do it per
schedule and later we'll show you how to
set up a schedule which means it would
be active at certain times of the day or
you could have it always on now using
keyword blocking you want to type in
words that you would expect to see on
site you don't want say your children to
visit so we'll say nudity click add
keyword you can add as many keywords as
you want you can also add domain names
so if you know that your son for example
has been visiting a site called porn com
you can add that to your list it will
specifically block that site they will
not be able to get to the site you could
have you a double standard here because
you can block your children from certain
sites by keywords and buy domain names
but you might want to visit those same
sites yourself so you can allow a
trusted IP address to this
black sites you can find your IP address
under attached devices we'll talk about
that later and put in your IP address
say apply and then this IP address the
computer that has this IP address will
be able to visit these sites while all
the other computers would not so this is
how you can block websites by specific
keywords or specific domain names keep
in mind this is a multiple part series
and be sure to watch all the parts
you
hey this is doc if you're looking for a
cheap and easy way to put your own
content on the web
go get domain names from hover.com just
visit hover.com slash butterscotch and
you'll get 10% off and support shows
like these Thanks